Modify rule S2761: LaYC multiple unary operators (#2180)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2761/plsql/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Calling the ``+``, ``++-++``, or ``++NOT++`` prefix operator twice is usually a typo. The second invocation invalidates the first one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repetition of a prefix operator (``+``, ``++-++``, or ``++NOT++``) is usually a typo. The second operator invalidates the first one:
```

== Why is this an issue?

> Calling the ``+``, ``++-++`` or ``++NOT++`` prefix operator twice does nothing: the second invocation undoes the first. Such mistakes are typically typos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling the ``+``, ``++-++``, or ``++NOT++`` prefix operator twice is usually a typo. The second invocation invalidates the first one:
```

[source,sql]
----
IF NOT ( NOT foo = 5 ) THEN  -- Noncompliant: same as foo = 5
  value := ++1;              -- Noncompliant: same as +1
END IF;
----

> Either this is a bug if the operator was meant to be called once, or misleading if done on purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
